DOCS-3470 added instructions for approving and deleting access (#304)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/view-api-contracts.adoc

= View API Instance Contracts 
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: view contracts, api, contracts, viewing

> You can view the contracts for your API instance from API Manager after you grant access to applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From API Manager, you can view the contracts automatically created for your API instance when you grant access to that instance by applications.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

To view your API instance contracts:

> . In API Manager, click *API Administration*.

Reviewer: GLOBALLY add colon preceding examples
```suggestion
. In API Manager, click *API Administration*:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

+
image::api-manager-administrator.png[api-manager-administrator]
+

> . Under the API Name, click the ">" to expand the API instances list for the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Under the name of the API, click *>* to expand the API instance list.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> . Click the `<api version>:<api instance>` link, for example, `v1:16046365`. 

Reviewer 2: Same as above. If the API Instance has a Label, then the label is shown.

Author: Done! Thanks!

> . Click the `<api version>:<api instance>` link, for example, "v1:16046365". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the `<api version>:<api instance>` link, for example, `v1:16046365`. 
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> . From the configuration page for the API instance, click *Contracts* from the left menu. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the configuration page for your API instance, click *Contracts* from the left menu. 
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

+

> This tab displays the contract information for your API instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A tab displays the contract information for your API instance:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!
